arraryMethod/Readme.md, before:

# Array Methods Overview

This document provides an overview of two types of array methods: Iterated Methods and Normal Methods. These methods are commonly used to manipulate and interact with arrays in programming.

## 1. Iterated Methods

Iterated methods are used to loop through elements in an array and perform specific tasks or actions for each element. These methods are helpful when you need to execute some operation for each element in the array.

### Example Methods:

- **forEach()**
- **map()**
- **filter()**
- **reduce()**

#### Example Usage:

```javascript
const numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

// Using forEach to print each number
numbers.forEach((number) => {
  console.log(number);
});

// Using map to create a new array with squared numbers
const squares = numbers.map((number) => number * number);
console.log(squares);

// Using filter to create an array with numbers greater than 3
const greaterThanThree = numbers.filter((number) => number > 3);
console.log(greaterThanThree);
```

Commit message:

adding arraymethod with some updated datar

arraryMethod/Readme.md, after:

# Array Methods Overview

This document provides an overview of two types of array methods: Iterated Methods and Normal Methods. These methods are commonly used to manipulate and interact with arrays in programming.

## 1. Iterated Methods

Iterated methods are used to loop through elements in an array and perform specific tasks or actions for each element. These methods are helpful when you need to execute some operation for each element in the array.

### Example Methods:

- **forEach()**
- **map()**
- **filter()**
- **reduce()**
- **every()**
- **some()**
- **reverse()**
- **flatMap()**

these are the most populer Iterated methods

#### Example Usage:

```javascript
const numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

// Using forEach to print each number
numbers.forEach((number) => {
  console.log(number);
});

// Using map to create a new array with squared numbers
const squares = numbers.map((number) => number * number);
console.log(squares);

// Using filter to create an array with numbers greater than 3
const greaterThanThree = numbers.filter((number) => number > 3);
console.log(greaterThanThree);
```
